# Fanatical-Apathy
This project is an effort to return to coding things that matter. 

As my profile says, due to a medical condition, I lost many of my math skills and almost all my programming skills. I’m interested in the journey and what happens to my skills along the way. 

Ideally, this program/apps purpose it is to organize basic gardening tasks and requirements. The initial concept is to have this be viewable by the user in both a calendar type format but with the ability to render a generic view in simple 3D. A main goal is to break down gardening into manageable chunks for persons who don’t have green thumbs. Another main goal it to structure the interface for persons like myself who were always intimidated by people who just seemed to know what to plant when and remembered that even though it was still cold outside, that seeds needed to be started indoors in order to give them a head start when hot cocoa and a good book seemed like a lot more logical thing to be thinking about. A further goal is to remove some of the mysticism from the process. An effort to both correlate and or create enough data sets and then parse them into information which would be understandable to basically anyone who can read at a 6th grade level will be made. As with anything, gardening can be confusing to anyone starting out. Also, persons who aren’t good at organized thinking and keeping track of what needs to be done, at what time of day, on which days of the week, in what month, with which plant, and generally what the, ‘what’ is and how to do it, need a few gentle reminders to keep on track. The dream is to make an app that does everything. The goal is to make one that helps out and is worth the time to download. If it happens to be realized, knowing that I’ve helped others would be great. If I make any progress at all, I’ll be further along the path regardless. This stuff may change at any time.
